docs: add contribution guidelines (#47)
blackbaud/skyux: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to SKY UX

> We encourage contributions from all SKY UX users. To contribute, follow this step-by-step guide. For more information about our contribution guidelines, see [SKY UX Contribution Guidelines](https://developer.blackbaud.com/skyux/contribute/contribution-process/guidelines).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage contributions from all SKY UX users. To contribute, follow this step-by-step guide. For more additional guidance, see the [SKY UX Contribution Guidelines](https://developer.blackbaud.com/skyux/contribute/contribution-process/guidelines).
```
Disregard if you don't like these edits. I thought we should have "the" before the link in the last sentence and tweaked the opening clause to make it flow slightly better.

> - [Contribution Process](#contribution-process)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Contribution process](#contribution-process)
```

> - [Coding Rules](#coding-rules)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Coding rules](#coding-rules)
```

> - [Commit Message Guidelines](#commit-message-guidelines)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Commit message guidelines](#commit-message-guidelines)
```

> - [Local Development Cheatsheet](#local-development)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Local development cheat sheet](#local-development)
```

> ## <a name="contribution-process"></a> Contribution Process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## <a name="contribution-process"></a> Contribution process
```
Potentially dumb question: In these H2s, should the header text be _inside_ the `a` tags instead of after the closing tag?

Author: Definitely a mistake. Good catch!

### File an issue

> Before you start any work, file an issue. If an issue already exists, comment on it and mention the `@blackbaud/skyux-maintainers` team so that we know you intend to work on it. The sooner we discuss potential code changes, the better.

Reviewer: On the docs site we say "and mention the `@skyux-team`" in one place and "tag the SKY UX team" in a second place. ... Should those be updated to "mention the `@blackbaud/skyux-maintainers` team" like we have here?

Author: I just did some testing on this, and only members within the Github `blackbaud` organization can "@" mention team names. Outside contributors may only "@" mention specific user names.

When we say "mention the @skyux-team", that's specific to our Slack team (the equivalent team name on Github is "@blackbaud/skyux-maintainers") so I'm guessing we don't want to include "@skyux-team" on the public docs. Might be good to put that under a restricted-view component.

Reviewer: I'll set up a PR to rework those references so that they work in the public docs.

Keep in mind that the Blackbaud design council must approve changes that impact the UI, such as new components or changes to existing components. Contributions that do not have design approval must include detailed design specifications. The design approval process can take significant time if components are complex or designs require significant changes, so account for that in your development timeline. If you need help with the design approval process, ask the SKY UX team.

### Discuss the contribution with the SKY UX team

> After you file an issue, discuss the architecture and implementation details, requirements, and timelines with the `@blackbaud/skyux-maintainers`. We will assign a developer to your issue to help answer questions.

Reviewer: On the docs site, do we need to change `@skyux-team` to `@blackbaud/skyux-maintainers`?
```suggestion
After you file an issue, discuss the architecture and implementation details, requirements, and timelines with the `@blackbaud/skyux-maintainers` team. We will assign a developer to your issue to help answer questions.
```

### Developer setup

1. Fork the repo into your own GitHub repo.

> 1. Create a branch off of `main`. Name it after the feature to contribute, and use kebab-case (e.g. `my-new-feature`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a branch off of `main`. Name it after the feature to contribute, and use kebab-case (`my-new-feature`).
```

> 1. Clone your repo locally and run `nvm use` to ensure you have the preferred version of Node.js installed. Then run `npm install` to install all required dependencies. For more information on prerequisites, see [SKY UX prerequisites](https://developer.blackbaud.com/skyux/learn/get-started/prereqs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone your repo locally and run `nvm use` to ensure you have the preferred version of Node.js installed. Then run `npm install` to install all required dependencies. For more information on prerequisites, see [SKY UX prerequisites](https://developer.blackbaud.com/skyux/learn/get-started).
```
When we flip the switch to make v5 the primary site, the prerequisites will be directly on the getting-started page, not on a child page under it.

> 

Reviewer: Do we need a "Write the code" step here like we have on the docs site?

Author: I didn't think it was necessary due to it being implied by the first sentence of the "Request a preliminary review"?

Reviewer: If you don't think we need a section for that step in the CONTRIBUTING.md file, I think that's fine. I just wasn't sure since we copy most of the stuff from the docs site and we include it as a separate step there.

### Request a preliminary review

Create a pull request with the initial implementation, functionality, and styling, and mention the `@blackbaud/skyux-maintainers` to request a review. Make changes and request additional reviews as necessary. For [large changes that effect more than 50 files](https://developer.blackbaud.com/skyux/contribute/contribution-process/guidelines#pull-requests), submit changes in multiple small pull requests instead of one large pull request.

Wait until after the initial review to add tests and documentation because implementation details may change.

### Add tests

> Write tests for your feature. All code requires 100 percent [unit test](https://developer.blackbaud.com/skyux/contribute/contribution-process/guidelines#unit-tests) code coverage, and components also require [visual regression tests](https://developer.blackbaud.com/skyux/contribute/contribution-process/guidelines#visual-regression-tests) and [accessibility tests](https://developer.blackbaud.com/skyux/contribute/contribution-process/guidelines#accessibility-tests). In addition, create [test fixtures](https://developer.blackbaud.com/skyux/contribute/contribution-process/guidelines#test-fixtures) for any new components.

Reviewer: Is the part about visual regression tests correct? We removed that section of the contribution guidelines from the v5 docs as part of Braden's review and cleanup of the contribution guidelines, and I just realized that we still have this broken link in the contribution process tutorial. If visual regression tests are still necessary, then our v5 docs are wrong now and we need to add that content back to the contribution guidelines or that link will not work after we flip the switch to make v5 the primary site. If they are not required, we need to remove the link here, and I need to remove the soon-to-be-busted link from the contribution process tutorial.

Author: Good question. We're working on re-adding visual tests to our monorepo, so we can either keep that section in the docs, or remove it now (and re-add it later).

Reviewer: We already removed the section, so I'll remove the link to it for now, and we can re-add it when necessary. Thanks.

### Request a final review

> 1. Before requesting a final review, [squash all commits on your feature branch into one](#squashing-all-commits-into-one). This will consolidate all your work and include a well-formed commit message to be used in the changelog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Squash all commits on your feature branch into one](#squashing-all-commits-into-one). This consolidates all your work and includes a well-formed commit message to use in the changelog.
```
Do we need to call this part of the final review step out in the guidance on the docs site?

Author: No, this is only related to monorepo.

> 1. After pushing the squashed commits, mention the `@blackbaud/skyux-maintainers` to review the complete contribution. We review the implementation, testing, functionality, styling, localization, and accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Mention the `@blackbaud/skyux-maintainers` team to review the complete contribution. We review the implementation, testing, functionality, styling, localization, and accessibility.
```

> #### Addressing review feedback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Address review feedback
```
Do we need to add this to the docs on the website?

Author: No, this is specific to the monorepo.

1. Make required changes to the source code.
1. Rerun all test suites.
1. Create a "fixup" commit:

```
git commit --all --fixup HEAD
git push
```

> #### Updating the commit message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Update the commit message
```
Do we need to add this to the docs on the website?

Author: No, this is specific to the monorepo.

> Sometimes, the reviewer will ask that you reword your commit message. You can do so using the `--amend` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the reviewer asks you to reword your commit message, use the `--amend` flag:
```

```
git commit --amend
git push --force-with-lease
```

> _Note: If you need to ammend an earlier commit, you'll need to [squash all commits into one](#squashing-all-commits-into-one)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: To amend an previous commit, you need to [squash all commits into one](#squashing-all-commits-into-one)._
```

> #### Squashing all commits into one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Squash all commits into one
```
Do we need to add this to the docs on the website?

Author: No, this is specific to the monorepo.

> If your pull request branch has several non-fixup commits, you'll need to squash all of the commits into one commit with a message that meets the [`conventional-changelog` specification](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/conventional-changelog).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your pull request branch has multiple non-fixup commits, you need to squash all commits into one commit with a message that meets the [`conventional-changelog` specification](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/conventional-changelog).
```

> Run the following command to squash all commits in your feature branch with a new commit message that you provide. While local changes will remain intact, it does rewrite your feature branch's commit history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to squash all commits in your feature branch with a new commit message that you provide. Local changes remain intact, but this rewrites your feature branch's commit history.
```

```
npm run dev:pristine
```

> ## <a name="coding-rules"></a> Coding Rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## <a name="coding-rules"></a> Coding rules
```
Do we need to add this to the docs on the website?

Author: No, this is specific to the monorepo.

> 1. All features and bug fixes should include at least one test spec and should not lower the overall code coverage percentage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. All features and bug fixes must include at least one test spec and must not lower the overall code coverage percentage.
```
I assume this is a requirement rather than a suggestion, but if it's optional, I'd stick with `should`.

> 1. All public API component inputs and outputs and public service methods should be documented with JSDocs comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Provide JSDocs comments for all public API component inputs and outputs and all public service methods.
```

> 1. Code should be styled using our Prettier rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Style code using our Prettier rules.
```

```
npm run dev:format
```

> ## <a name="commit-message-guidelines"></a> Commit Message Guidelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## <a name="commit-message-guidelines"></a> Commit message guidelines
```
Do we need to add this to the docs on the website?

Author: No, this is specific to the monorepo.

- We strictly follow [Angular's commit message format](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#-commit-message-format).

> - A full list of supported **scopes** can be found [here](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux/blob/main/.github/workflows/validate-pr.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See the [full list of supported **scopes**](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux/blob/main/.github/workflows/validate-pr.yml).
```

- Run the following command to create a commit message using the [`conventional-changelog` specification](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/conventional-changelog):

```
npm run dev:commit
```

> ## <a name="local-development"></a> Local Development Cheatsheet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## <a name="local-development"></a> Local development cheat sheet
```
Do we need to add this to the docs on the website?

Author: No, this is specific to the monorepo.

# Contributing to SKY UX

> We encourage contributions from all SKY UX users. To contribute, follow this step-by-step guide. For more additional guidance, see the [SKY UX Contribution Guidelines](https://developer.blackbaud.com/skyux/contribute/contribution-process/guidelines).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage contributions from all SKY UX users. To contribute, follow this step-by-step guide. For additional guidance, see the [SKY UX Contribution Guidelines](https://developer.blackbaud.com/skyux/contribute/contribution-process/guidelines).
```
I missed deleting "more" in my original suggestion here. Sorry.

Create a pull request with the initial implementation, functionality, and styling for an initial review. Make changes and request additional reviews as necessary. For [large changes that effect more than 50 files](https://developer.blackbaud.com/skyux/contribute/contribution-process/guidelines#pull-requests), submit changes in multiple small pull requests instead of one large pull request.

Wait until after the initial review to add tests and documentation because implementation details may change.

### Add tests

Write tests for your feature. All code requires 100 percent [unit test](https://developer.blackbaud.com/skyux/contribute/contribution-process/guidelines#unit-tests) code coverage, and components also require [visual regression tests](https://developer.blackbaud.com/skyux/contribute/contribution-process/guidelines#visual-regression-tests) and [accessibility tests](https://developer.blackbaud.com/skyux/contribute/contribution-process/guidelines#accessibility-tests). In addition, create [test fixtures](https://developer.blackbaud.com/skyux/contribute/contribution-process/guidelines#test-fixtures) for any new components.

### Request a final review

> 1. Before requesting a final review, [squash all commits on your feature branch into one](#squashing-all-commits-into-one). This will consolidate all your work and include a well-formed commit message to be used in the changelog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Before requesting a final review, [squash all commits on your feature branch into one](#squash-all-commits-into-one). This will consolidate all your work and include a well-formed commit message to be used in the changelog.
```

1. Reach out to a SKY UX engineer to review the complete contribution. We review the implementation, testing, functionality, styling, localization, and accessibility.

#### Address review feedback

1. Make required changes to the source code.
1. Rerun all test suites.
1. Create a "fixup" commit:

```
git commit --all --fixup HEAD
git push
```

#### Update the commit message

If the reviewer asks you to reword your commit message, use the `--amend` flag:

```
git commit --amend
git push --force-with-lease
```

> _Note: To amend a previous commit, you need to [squash all commits into one](#squashing-all-commits-into-one)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: To amend a previous commit, you need to [squash all commits into one](#squash-all-commits-into-one)._
```
I assume we need to tweak this link to reflect the change to the header. Is that right? (Of course, given that it's linking to the next line in the file, maybe the link isn't really necessary.)
